.gitignore
.releaserc.json
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
CONTRIBUTING.md
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
deploy.sh
dev-requirements.txt
setup.cfg
setup.py
.github/workflows/ci.yaml
dragonfly_grasshopper/__init__.py
dragonfly_grasshopper.egg-info/PKG-INFO
dragonfly_grasshopper.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
dragonfly_grasshopper.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
dragonfly_grasshopper.egg-info/top_level.txt
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF All-Air HVAC.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Apply Facade Parameters.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Assign Building UWG Properties.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Assign Model UWG Properties.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF BC by Orientation.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Boundary Layer Parameters.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Building from Footprint.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Building from Solid.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Building from Stories.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Color Room2D Attributes.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Construct Design Day.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF ContextShade.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Create EPW.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF DOAS HVAC.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Deconstruct All Object.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Deconstruct Model.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Deconstruct Object.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Diversify Building Programs.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Dump Objects.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Electrical Connector.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Electrical Network.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Extruded Border Parameters.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Geometry Properties.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF HeatCool HVAC.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Horizontal Infrared.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF IdealAir.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Import NOAA File.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Intersect Room2Ds.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Load Mapper Measure.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Load Objects.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Louver Parameters.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Luminous Efficacy.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Model From geoJSON.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Model To Honeybee.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Model To geoJSON.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Model.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Object to String.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Overhang Parameters.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF REopt Financial Parameters.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Read OpenDSS Result.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Reassign Energy Properties.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Reference EPW Parameters.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Repeating Window Ratio Parameters.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Repeating Window Width Height Parameters.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Room2D.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Room2Ds by Attribute.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Run OpenDSS.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Run REopt.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Run URBANopt.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Run Urban Weather Generator.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Search OpenDSS.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Separate Top Bottom.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Set Ground Top.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Simple Window Ratio Parameters.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Single Window Parameters.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Solve Adjacency.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Story.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Straight Skeleton.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF String to Object.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Substation.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Terrain.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Traffic Parameters.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Transformer.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF UWG Simulation Parameter.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Vegetation Parameters.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Vizualize All.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Vizualize Floors.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Vizualize Quick.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Vizualize Wireframe.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Window Opening.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Write DDY.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/DF Write EPW.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/src/__init__.py
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF All-Air HVAC.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Apply Facade Parameters.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Assign Building UWG Properties.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Assign Model UWG Properties.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF BC by Orientation.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Boundary Layer Parameters.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Building from Footprint.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Building from Solid.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Building from Stories.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Color Room2D Attributes.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Construct Design Day.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF ContextShade.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Create EPW.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF DOAS HVAC.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Deconstruct All Object.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Deconstruct Model.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Deconstruct Object.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Diversify Building Programs.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Dump Objects.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Electrical Connector.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Electrical Network.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Extruded Border Parameters.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Geometry Properties.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF HeatCool HVAC.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Horizontal Infrared.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF IdealAir.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Import NOAA File.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Intersect Room2Ds.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Load Mapper Measure.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Load Objects.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Louver Parameters.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Luminous Efficacy.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Model From geoJSON.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Model To Honeybee.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Model To geoJSON.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Model.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Object to String.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Overhang Parameters.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF REopt Financial Parameters.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Read OpenDSS Result.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Reassign Energy Properties.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Reference EPW Parameters.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Repeating Window Ratio Parameters.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Repeating Window Width Height Parameters.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Room2D Attributes.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Room2D.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Room2Ds by Attribute.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Run OpenDSS.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Run REopt.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Run URBANopt.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Run Urban Weather Generator.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Search OpenDSS.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Separate Top Bottom.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Set Ground Top.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Simple Window Ratio Parameters.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Single Window Parameters.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Solve Adjacency.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Story.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Straight Skeleton.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF String to Object.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Substation.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Terrain.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Traffic Parameters.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Transformer.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF UWG Simulation Parameter.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Vegetation Parameters.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Vizualize All.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Vizualize Floors.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Vizualize Quick.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Vizualize Wireframe.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Window Opening.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Write DDY.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/DF Write EPW.ghuser
dragonfly_grasshopper/user_objects/__init__.py
samples/alternative_weather.gh
samples/from_building_footprints.gh
samples/from_building_solids.gh
samples/load_sharing_example.gh
samples/mapper_measure_example.gh
samples/open_dss_example.gh
samples/peak_load_example.gh
samples/rooms_to_stories_to_building.gh
samples/uwg_example.gh
samples/Add_EV_Load/LICENSE.md
samples/Add_EV_Load/README.md
samples/Add_EV_Load/measure.rb
samples/Add_EV_Load/measure.xml
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/PSN_BuildingKey.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/PSN_BuildingKey_v2.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg1_dow1_flex1.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg1_dow1_flex2.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg1_dow1_flex3.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg1_dow2_flex1.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg1_dow2_flex2.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg1_dow2_flex3.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg1_dow3_flex1.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg1_dow3_flex2.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg1_dow3_flex3.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg2_dow1_flex1.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg2_dow1_flex2.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg2_dow1_flex3.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg2_dow2_flex1.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg2_dow2_flex2.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg2_dow2_flex3.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg2_dow3_flex1.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg2_dow3_flex2.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg2_dow3_flex3.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg3_dow1_flex1.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg3_dow1_flex2.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg3_dow1_flex3.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg3_dow2_flex1.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg3_dow2_flex2.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg3_dow2_flex3.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg3_dow3_flex1.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg3_dow3_flex2.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/chg3_dow3_flex3.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/fast_charge_15min_Saturday.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/fast_charge_15min_Sunday.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/resources/fast_charge_15min_Weekday.csv
samples/Add_EV_Load/tests/add_ev_load_test.rb
samples/Add_EV_Load/tests/example_model.osm
samples/alt_weather_data/07156099999.csv