.. !split
Test of quizzes
---------------.. begin quiz



**Fundamental test:** What is the capital of Norway?


**Answer 1:** Stockholm

:abbr:`? (Wrong!)` :abbr:`# (Stockholm is the capital of Sweden.)`

**Answer 2:** London

:abbr:`? (Wrong!)`

**Answer 3:** Oslo

:abbr:`? (Right!)`

**Choice D:** Bergen

:abbr:`? (Wrong!)` :abbr:`# (Those from Bergen would claim so, but nobody else.)`

.. end quiz



Appendix: Testing identical titles          (4)
-----------------------------------------------

Without label.


.. admonition:: Tip

   Here is a tip or hint box, typeset as a notice box.




Need a lot of text to surround the summary box.
Version control systems allow you to record the history of files
and share files among several computers and collaborators in a
professional way. File changes on one computer are updated or
merged with changes on another computer. Especially when working
with programs or technical reports it is essential
to have changes documented and to
ensure that every computer and person involved in the project
have the latest updates of the files.
Greg Wilson' excellent `Script for Introduction to Version Control <https://software-carpentry.org/2010/07/script-for-introduction-to-version-control/>`__ provides a more detailed motivation why you will benefit greatly
from using version control systems.


.. admonition:: Summary

   **Bold remark:** Make some text with this summary.
   Much testing in this document, otherwise stupid content.
   Much testing in this document, otherwise stupid content.
   Much testing in this document, otherwise stupid content.
   Much testing in this document, otherwise stupid content.
   Much testing in this document, otherwise stupid content.
   Much testing in this document, otherwise stupid content.
   Much testing in this document, otherwise stupid content.
   Much testing in this document, otherwise stupid content.
   Much testing in this document, otherwise stupid content.




Projects that you want to share among several computers or project
workers are today most conveniently stored at some web site "in the
cloud" and updated through communication with that site. I strongly
recommend you to use such sites for all serious programming and
scientific writing work - and all other important files.

The simplest services for hosting project files are `Dropbox <https://dropbox.com>`__ and `Google Drive <https://drive.google.com>`__.
It is very easy to get started with these systems, and they allow you
to share files among laptops and mobile units with as many users as
you want. The systems offer a kind of version control in that the
files are stored frequently (several times per minute), and you can go
back to previous versions for the last 30 days. However, it is
challenging  to find the right version from the past when there are
so many of them.

More seriously, when several people may edit files simultaneously, it
can be difficult detect who did what when, roll back to previous
versions, and to manually merge the edits when these are
incompatible. Then one needs more sophisticated tools than Dropbox or
Google Drive: project hosting services with true version control
systems.  The following text aims at providing you with the minimum
information to started with such systems. Numerous other tutorials
contain more comprehensive material and in-depth explanations of the
concepts and tools.

The idea with project hosting services is that you have the files
associated with a project in the cloud. Many people may share these
files.  Every time you want to work on the project you explicitly
update your version of the files, edit the files as you like, and
synchronize the files with the "master version" at the site where the
project is hosted.  If you at some point need to go back to a
version of the files at some particular point in the past,
this is an easy operation. You can also use tools to see
what various people have done with the files in the various versions.

All these services are very similar. Below we describe how you get
started with Bitbucket, GitHub, and Googlecode. Launchpad works very
similarly to the latter three. All the project hosting services have
excellent introductions available at their web sites, but the recipes
below are much shorter and aim at getting you started as quickly as
possible by concentrating on the most important need-to-know steps.
The Git tutorials we refer to later in this document contain more
detailed information and constitute of course very valuable readings
when you use version control systems every day. The point now is
to get started.

Appendix: Testing inline comments
---------------------------------

.. Names can be [ A-Za-z0-9_'+-]+

Projects that you want to share among several computers or project
workers are today most conveniently stored at some web site "in the
cloud" and updated through communication with that
site. [**hpl's semi opinion 1**: not sure if in the cloud is understood by all.] I strongly recommend you to use such sites for all serious
programming and scientific writing work - and all other important
files.

The simplest services for hosting project files is Dropbox. [**mp 2**: Simply go to `<https://dropbox.com>`_ and watch the video. It explains how files, like ``myfile.py``, perhaps containing much math, like :math:`\partial u/\partial t`, are easily communicated between machines.] It
is very easy to get started with Dropbox, and it allows you to share
files among (**hpl 3: remove** laptops and mobile units) (**insert:**)computers, tablets, and phones (**end insert**).

.. Test horizontal rule

---------

.. Coments for editing

First, (**edit 4: add comma**) consider a quantity :math:`Q`. (**edit 5: remove** To this end,) (**insert:**)We note that (**end insert**)
:math:`Q>0`, because (**edit 6**: **delete** a) negative (**edit 7: remove** quantity is) (**insert:**)quantities are (**end insert**) (**edit 8**: **delete** just) negative.  (**edit 9: add**) This comes as no surprise. (**end add**)

.. Test tailored latex figure references with page number

Let us refer to Figure :ref:`fig:impact` again.

Test references in a list:

 * :ref:`sec1`

 * :ref:`subsec1`

 * :ref:`fig:impact`

Appendix: Testing headings ending with ``verbatim inline``
----------------------------------------------------------

The point here is to test 1) ``verbatim`` code in headings, and 2)
ending a heading with verbatim code as this triggers a special
case in LaTeX.

We also test mdash---used as alternative to hyphen without spaces around,
or in quotes:


..

    *Fun is fun*.---Unknown.



The ndash should also be tested - as in the Hanson - Nilson equations
on page 277 - 278.

And finally, what about admons, quotes, and boxes? They are tested
in a separate document: ``admon.do.txt``.

.. [#example-of-the-third-footnote] Not much to add here, but the footnote
   is at the end with only one newline.