

.. |nbsp| unicode:: 0xA0
   :trim:

.. !split

References
==========

.. [Ref01]
   **H. P. Langtangen and G. Pedersen**. Propagation of Large Destructive Waves,
   *International Journal of Applied Mechanics and Engineering*,
   7(1),
   pp. 187-204,
   2002.

.. [Ref02]
   **H. P. Langtangen, K.-A. Mardal and R. Winther**. Numerical Methods for Incompressible Viscous Flow,
   *Advances in Water Resources*,
   25,
   pp. 1125-1146,
   2002.

.. [Ref03]
   **H. P. Langtangen**. Numerical Solution of First Passage Problems in Random Vibrations,
   *SIAM Journal of Scientific and Statistical Computing*,
   15,
   pp. 997-996,
   1994.

.. [Ref04]
   **K.-A. Mardal, G. W. Zumbusch and H. P. Langtangen**. Software Tools for Multigrid Methods,
   Advanced Topics in Computational Partial Differential Equations -- Numerical Methods and Diffpack Programming,
   edited by **H. P. Langtangen and A. Tveito**,
   Springer,
   2003,
   Edited book,
   `\urlhttp://some.where.org <\urlhttp://some.where.org>`_.

.. [Ref05]
   **H. P. Langtangen**. The FEMDEQS Program System,
   *Department of Mathematics, University of Oslo*,
   `http://www.math.uio.no/old/days/hpl/femdeqs.pdf <http://www.math.uio.no/old/days/hpl/femdeqs.pdf>`_,
   1989.

.. [Ref06]
   **H. P. Langtangen**. Stochastic Breakthrough Time Analysis of an Enhanced Oil Recovery Process,
   *SIAM Journal on Scientific Computing*,
   13,
   pp. 1394-1417,
   1992.

.. [Ref07]
   **M. Mortensen, H. P. Langtangen and G. N. Wells**. A FEniCS-Based Programming Framework for Modeling Turbulent Flow by the Reynolds-Averaged Navier-Stokes Equations,
   *Advances in Water Resources*,
   34(9),
   `doi: 10.1016/j.advwatres.2011.02.013 <https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.advwatres.2011.02.013>`__,
   2011.

.. [Ref08]
   **S. Glimsdal, G. Pedersen, K. Atakan, C. B. Harbitz, H. P. Langtangen and F. L\ovholt**. Propagation of the Dec. |nbsp| 26, 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami: Effects of Dispersion and Source Characteristics,
   *International Journal of Fluid Mechanics Research*,
   33(1),
   pp. 15-43,
   2006.

.. [Ref09]
   **S. Rahman, J. Gorman, C. H. W. Barnes, D. A. Williams and H. P. Langtangen**. Numerical Investigation of a Piezoelectric Surface Acoustic Wave Interaction With a One-Dimensional Channel,
   *Physical Review B: Condensed Matter and Materials Physics*,
   74,
   2006,
   035308.

.. [Ref10]
   **J. B. Haga, H. Osnes and H. P. Langtangen**. On the Causes of Pressure Oscillations in Low-Permeable and Low-Compressible Porous Media,
   *International Journal of Analytical and Numerical Methods in Geomechanics*,
   `doi: 10.1002/nag.1062 <https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/nag.1062>`__,
   2011,
   `http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/nag.1062/abstract <http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/nag.1062/abstract>`_.

.. [Ref11]
   **H. P. Langtangen**. *Computational Partial Differential Equations - Numerical Methods and Diffpack Programming*,
   second edition,
   *Texts in Computational Science and Engineering*,
   Springer,
   2003.

.. [Ref12]
   **H. P. Langtangen**. *Python Scripting for Computational Science*,
   third edition,
   *Texts in Computational Science and Engineering*,
   Springer,
   2008.

.. [Ref13]
   **H. P. Langtangen and G. Pedersen**. Finite Elements for the Boussinesq Wave Equations,
   Waves and Non-linear Processes in Hydrodynamics,
   edited by **J. Grue, B. Gjevik and J. E. Weber**,
   Kluwer Academic Publishers,
   pp. pp. 117-126,
   1995,
   `http://www.amazon.ca/Waves-Nonlinear-Processes-Hydrodynamics-John/dp/0792340310 <http://www.amazon.ca/Waves-Nonlinear-Processes-Hydrodynamics-John/dp/0792340310>`_.

.. [Ref14]
   **H. P. Langtangen**. *A Primer on Scientific Programming With Python*,
   third edition,
   *Texts in Computational Science and Engineering*,
   Springer,
   2012.

.. [Ref15]
   **P. V. Jeberg, H. P. Langtangen and C. B. Terp**. Optimization With Diffpack: Practical Example From Welding,
   *Simula Research Laboratory*,
   Internal report,
   2004.

.. [Ref16]
   **H. P. Langtangen**. Computational Methods for Two-Phase Flow in Oil Reservoirs,
   Ph.D. Thesis,
   Mechanics Division, Department of Mathematics, University of Oslo,
   1989,
   Dr. |nbsp| Scient. |nbsp| thesis..

.. [Ref17]
   **H. P. Langtangen**. Computational Modeling of Huge Tsunamis From Asteroid Impacts,
   Invited keynote lecture at the \emphInternational conference on Computational Science 2007 (ICCS'07), Beijing, China,
   2007.

.. [Ref18]
   **H. P. Langtangen**. Solution of the Navier-Stokes Equations With the Finite Element Method in Two and Three Dimensions,
   M.Sc. Thesis,
   Mechanics Division, Department of Mathematics, University of Oslo,
   1985,
   Cand.Scient. thesis.

.. [Ref19]
   **H. P. Langtangen and A. Tveito**. Numerical Methods in Continuum Mechanics,
   *Center for Industrial Research*,
   1991,
   Lecture notes for a course (ME-IN 324). 286 pages..

.. [Ref20]
   **H. P. Langtangen**. Diffpack: Software for Partial Differential Equations,
   Proceedings of the Second Annual Object-Oriented Numerics Conference (OON-SKI'94), Sunriver, Oregon, USA,
   edited by **A. Vermeulen**,
   1994.

