.gitattributes
.gitignore
.readthedocs.yml
.resolwebio-filetypes.yml
Jenkinsfile
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.rst
pyproject.toml
setup.cfg
setup.py
tox.ini
.github/pull_request_template.md
.scripts/check_large_files.py
docs/CHANGELOG.rst
docs/catalog-category.rst
docs/catalog-definitions.rst
docs/catalog-types.rst
docs/catalog.rst
docs/conf.py
docs/contributing.rst
docs/descriptor.rst
docs/index.rst
docs/proc.rst
docs/ref.rst
docs/_static/css/custom.css
docs/_templates/page.html
resolwe_bio/__about__.py
resolwe_bio/__init__.py
resolwe_bio/apps.py
resolwe_bio/extensions.py
resolwe_bio/filters.py
resolwe_bio/models.py
resolwe_bio.egg-info/PKG-INFO
resolwe_bio.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
resolwe_bio.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
resolwe_bio.egg-info/requires.txt
resolwe_bio.egg-info/top_level.txt
resolwe_bio/descriptors/diffexp.yml
resolwe_bio/descriptors/general_clinical.yml
resolwe_bio/descriptors/geneset.yml
resolwe_bio/descriptors/oncxerna_clinical.yml
resolwe_bio/descriptors/reads.yml
resolwe_bio/descriptors/rnaseq.yml
resolwe_bio/descriptors/sample.yml
resolwe_bio/descriptors/sample_vaccinesurvey.yml
resolwe_bio/docker_images/bamliquidator/Dockerfile
resolwe_bio/docker_images/bamliquidator/README.md
resolwe_bio/docker_images/bamliquidator/packages-debian-buildreq.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/bamliquidator/packages-debian.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/bamliquidator/packages-manual.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/bamliquidator/packages-python2.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/bamliquidator/packages-manual/bamliquidator.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/base/Dockerfile.ubuntu-18.04
resolwe_bio/docker_images/base/Dockerfile.ubuntu-20.04
resolwe_bio/docker_images/base/README.md
resolwe_bio/docker_images/base/common.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/biox/Dockerfile
resolwe_bio/docker_images/biox/README.md
resolwe_bio/docker_images/biox/packages-debian-buildreq.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/biox/packages-debian.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/biox/packages-python2.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/biox/packages-manual/.placeholder
resolwe_bio/docker_images/chipseq/Dockerfile
resolwe_bio/docker_images/chipseq/README.md
resolwe_bio/docker_images/chipseq/packages-debian-buildreq.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/chipseq/packages-debian.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/chipseq/packages-manual.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/chipseq/packages-python2.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/chipseq/packages-manual/bedclip.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/chipseq/packages-manual/bedops.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/chipseq/packages-manual/r-packages.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/chipseq/packages-manual/spp.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/chipseq/packages-manual/wigtobigwig.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/Dockerfile
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/README.md
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-debian-buildreq.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-debian.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-manual.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-python3.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-r-bioconductor.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-r.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/assets/Genialis-full-logo-Black.png
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/assets/multiqc_config.yml
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-manual/bedgraphtobigwig.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-manual/bedtobigbed.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-manual/bedtools.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-manual/chrom-mappings.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-manual/fastqc.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-manual/hisat2.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-manual/makedb-walt.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-manual/qorts.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-manual/r-packages.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-manual/samtools.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/common/packages-manual/subread.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/dnaseq/Dockerfile
resolwe_bio/docker_images/dnaseq/README.md
resolwe_bio/docker_images/dnaseq/packages-debian-buildreq.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/dnaseq/packages-debian.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/dnaseq/packages-manual.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/dnaseq/packages-python3.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/dnaseq/assets/amplicon_html_template.html
resolwe_bio/docker_images/dnaseq/packages-manual/bamclipper.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/dnaseq/packages-manual/bokeh-assets.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/dnaseq/packages-manual/gatk.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/dnaseq/packages-manual/lofreq.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/dnaseq/packages-manual/primerclip.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/dnaseq/packages-manual/r-packages.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/latex/Dockerfile
resolwe_bio/docker_images/latex/README.md
resolwe_bio/docker_images/latex/packages-debian-buildreq.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/latex/packages-debian.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/latex/packages-python3.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/latex/assets/logo_genialis.pdf
resolwe_bio/docker_images/latex/assets/template_amplicon_report.tex
resolwe_bio/docker_images/latex/assets/template_amplicon_report_multi_sample.tex
resolwe_bio/docker_images/latex/packages-manual/.placeholder
resolwe_bio/docker_images/orange/Dockerfile
resolwe_bio/docker_images/orange/README.md
resolwe_bio/docker_images/orange/packages-debian.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/orange/packages-python3.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/orange/packages-manual/.placeholder
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/Dockerfile
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/README.md
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-debian-buildreq.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-debian.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-manual.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-python3.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-r-bioconductor.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-r.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/genialis.css
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/spikeins_qc_template.html
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-300.eot
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-300.svg
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-300.ttf
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-300.woff
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-300.woff2
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-500.eot
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-500.svg
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-500.ttf
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-500.woff
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-500.woff2
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-700.eot
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-700.svg
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-700.ttf
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-700.woff
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-700.woff2
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-italic.eot
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-italic.svg
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-italic.ttf
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-italic.woff
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-italic.woff2
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-regular.eot
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-regular.svg
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-regular.ttf
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-regular.woff
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/assets/fonts/roboto-v16-latin-ext_latin-regular.woff2
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-manual/bbmap.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-manual/cufflinks.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-manual/ercc.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-manual/genome-tools.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-manual/gotea.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-manual/igvtools.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-manual/jbrowse.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-manual/r-packages.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-manual/regtools.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-manual/rsem.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-manual/salmon.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-manual/star.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-manual/trimgalore.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/rnaseq/packages-manual/trimmomatic.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/scseq/Dockerfile
resolwe_bio/docker_images/scseq/README.md
resolwe_bio/docker_images/scseq/packages-manual.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/scseq/packages-manual/cellranger.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/slamdunk/Dockerfile
resolwe_bio/docker_images/slamdunk/README.md
resolwe_bio/docker_images/slamdunk/packages-debian-buildreq.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/slamdunk/packages-debian.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/slamdunk/packages-python2.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/slamdunk/packages-manual/.placeholder
resolwe_bio/docker_images/snpeff/Dockerfile
resolwe_bio/docker_images/snpeff/README.md
resolwe_bio/docker_images/snpeff/packages-debian.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/snpeff/packages-manual.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/snpeff/packages-manual/snpeff.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/sra-toolkit/packages-manual/sra-toolkit.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/sra-tools/Dockerfile
resolwe_bio/docker_images/sra-tools/README.md
resolwe_bio/docker_images/sra-tools/packages-debian.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/sra-tools/packages-manual.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/sra-tools/packages-manual/fastqc.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/sra-tools/packages-manual/sra-toolkit.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/sra-tools/packages-manual/trimmomatic.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/wgbs/Dockerfile
resolwe_bio/docker_images/wgbs/README.md
resolwe_bio/docker_images/wgbs/packages-debian-buildreq.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/wgbs/packages-debian.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/wgbs/packages-manual.txt
resolwe_bio/docker_images/wgbs/packages-manual/methpipe.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/wgbs/packages-manual/walt.sh
resolwe_bio/docker_images/wgbs/packages-manual/wigtobigwig.sh
resolwe_bio/expression_filters/__init__.py
resolwe_bio/expression_filters/relation.py
resolwe_bio/expression_filters/sample.py
resolwe_bio/fixtures/relationtypes.yaml
resolwe_bio/kb/__init__.py
resolwe_bio/kb/admin.py
resolwe_bio/kb/apps.py
resolwe_bio/kb/backends.py
resolwe_bio/kb/filters.py
resolwe_bio/kb/listener_plugin.py
resolwe_bio/kb/models.py
resolwe_bio/kb/pagination.py
resolwe_bio/kb/serializers.py
resolwe_bio/kb/views.py
resolwe_bio/kb/management/__init__.py
resolwe_bio/kb/management/commands/__init__.py
resolwe_bio/kb/management/commands/insert_features.py
resolwe_bio/kb/management/commands/insert_mappings.py
resolwe_bio/kb/management/commands/utils.py
resolwe_bio/kb/migrations/0001_initial.py
resolwe_bio/kb/migrations/0002_alter_field_max_length.py
resolwe_bio/kb/migrations/0003_add_map_index.py
resolwe_bio/kb/migrations/0004_add_unique_together.py
resolwe_bio/kb/migrations/0005_species.py
resolwe_bio/kb/migrations/0006_feature_fullname_300.py
resolwe_bio/kb/migrations/0007_feature_fullname_350.py
resolwe_bio/kb/migrations/0008_callable_defaults.py
resolwe_bio/kb/migrations/0009_full_text_search.py
resolwe_bio/kb/migrations/0010_update_indexes_constraints.py
resolwe_bio/kb/migrations/0011_feature_type_index.py
resolwe_bio/kb/migrations/0012_update_feature_search.py
resolwe_bio/kb/migrations/__init__.py
resolwe_bio/kb/migrations/triggers_feature.sql
resolwe_bio/kb/tests/__init__.py
resolwe_bio/kb/tests/test_feature.py
resolwe_bio/kb/tests/test_import_kb.py
resolwe_bio/kb/tests/test_mapping.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/0001_initial.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/0002_sample_presample.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/0003_fix_jsonfields.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/0004_add_owner.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/0005_make_date_indexes.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/0006_alter_versionfield.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/0007_sample_descriptor_dirty.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/0008_migrate_sample.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/0009_delete_sample.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/0010_add_relation_types.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/0011_nucletide_seq.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/0012_full_text_search.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/0013_star_index.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/0014_star_index2.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/__init__.py
resolwe_bio/migrations/resolwe_indexes.sql
resolwe_bio/process/__init__.py
resolwe_bio/process/models.py
resolwe_bio/process/runtime.py
resolwe_bio/processes/WGBS/bsrate.py
resolwe_bio/processes/WGBS/hmr.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/WGBS/methcounts.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/WGBS/walt.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/WGBS/walt_index.py
resolwe_bio/processes/alignment/abstract.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/alignment/bowtie.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/alignment/bowtie2_index.py
resolwe_bio/processes/alignment/bowtie_index.py
resolwe_bio/processes/alignment/bwa.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/alignment/bwa_index.py
resolwe_bio/processes/alignment/hisat2.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/alignment/hisat2_index.py
resolwe_bio/processes/alignment/star.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/amplicon/amplicon_table.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/amplicon/bwa_trim.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/amplicon/target_metrics.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/annotation/abstract.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/annotation/cuffmerge.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/chip_seq/chipqc.py
resolwe_bio/processes/chip_seq/macs14.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/chip_seq/macs2.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/chip_seq/macs2_batch.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/chip_seq/macs2_rose2_batch.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/chip_seq/prepeak_qc.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/chip_seq/rose2.py
resolwe_bio/processes/chip_seq/scoring.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/clustering/find_similar.py
resolwe_bio/processes/clustering/hierarchical_clustering.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/clustering/hierarchical_clustering_etc.py
resolwe_bio/processes/clustering/pca.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/differential_expression/abstract.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/differential_expression/cuffdiff.py
resolwe_bio/processes/differential_expression/deseq.py
resolwe_bio/processes/differential_expression/edgeR.py
resolwe_bio/processes/differential_expression/shRNAde.py
resolwe_bio/processes/exome_coverage/coveragebed.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/abstract.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/cufflinks.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/cuffnorm.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/cuffquant.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/dicty_bcm.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/etc.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/expression_aggregator.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/featureCounts.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/htseq_count.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/index_fasta_nucl.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/mappability.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/merge_etc.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/merge_expressions.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/rsem.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/salmon.py
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/salmon_index.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/expression/shrna_quant.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/go_enrichment/go.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/abstract_bed.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/annotation.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/annotation_bed.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/annotation_bedpe.py
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/bam.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/bam_scseq.py
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/basespace.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/cuffquant.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/differential_exp.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/etc.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/expressions.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/geneset.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/go_gaf.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/go_obo.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/mappability_tab.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/master_file.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/metadata.py
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/nucleotide_seq.py
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/proteomics_data.py
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/sam_header.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/seq_reads.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/seq_reads_10x.py
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/seq_reads_multiplexed.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/snpeff.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/sra_file.py
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/target_pcr_metrics.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/import_data/variants_vcf.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/junctions/regtools.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/plots/bamliquidator.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/plots/bamplot.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/reads_processing/alignmentsieve.py
resolwe_bio/processes/reads_processing/bamclipper.py
resolwe_bio/processes/reads_processing/bbduk.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/reads_processing/bqsr.py
resolwe_bio/processes/reads_processing/cutadapt.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/reads_processing/cutadapt_3prime.py
resolwe_bio/processes/reads_processing/cutadapt_corall.py
resolwe_bio/processes/reads_processing/cutadapt_custom.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/reads_processing/markduplicates.py
resolwe_bio/processes/reads_processing/trimgalore.py
resolwe_bio/processes/reads_processing/trimmomatic.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/reports/amplicon_multi_report.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/reports/amplicon_report.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/scseq/cellranger.py
resolwe_bio/processes/slamdunk/alleyoop_collapse.py
resolwe_bio/processes/slamdunk/alleyoop_rates.py
resolwe_bio/processes/slamdunk/alleyoop_snpeval.py
resolwe_bio/processes/slamdunk/alleyoop_summary.py
resolwe_bio/processes/slamdunk/alleyoop_utrrates.py
resolwe_bio/processes/slamdunk/slam_count.py
resolwe_bio/processes/slamdunk/slamdunk.py
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/alignment_summary.py
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/archive.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/bam_conversion.py
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/bam_split.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/gff_to_gtf.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/insert_size.py
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/library_strandedness.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/merge_samples.py
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/multiqc.py
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/prepare_geo.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/qorts_qc.py
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/rrbs_metrics.py
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/samtools_idxstats.py
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/seqtk.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/seqtk_reverse_complement.py
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/spikeins_qc.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/umi_tools.py
resolwe_bio/processes/support_processors/wgs_metrics.py
resolwe_bio/processes/unit_tests/test_basic_fields.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/unit_tests/test_disabled_fields.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/unit_tests/test_hidden_fields.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/unit_tests/test_list.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/unit_tests/test_sleep_progress.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/variant_calling/filtering_chemut.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/variant_calling/gatk.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/variant_calling/lofreq.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/variant_calling/preprocess_bam.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/variant_calling/snpeff.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/variant_calling/vc_chemut.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/amplicon.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/atac_seq.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/bbduk_salmon_qc.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/bbduk_star_featurecounts_qc.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/bbduk_star_featurecounts_quant.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/bbduk_star_htseq_quant.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/chemut.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/chip_seq.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/corall.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/cuffquant.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/cut_and_run.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/cutadapt_star_fc_quant_tf.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/cutadapt_star_htseq.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/cutadapt_star_rsem.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/mirna.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/rnaseq.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/shrna.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/slamdunk.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/wes.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/wgbs.yml
resolwe_bio/processes/workflows/wgs.yml
resolwe_bio/tests/__init__.py
resolwe_bio/tests/files/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/00Hr.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/1000G_phase1.indels.b37_chr2_small.vcf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/10x_S1_L001_R1_001.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/10x_S1_L001_R2_001.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/10x_S1_L002_R1_001.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/10x_S1_L002_R2_001.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/10x_scseq_matrix.mtx.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/10x_scseq_stats.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/20Hr.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/3-cuffquant.cxb
resolwe_bio/tests/files/3_prime_adapter.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/4-cuffquant.cxb
resolwe_bio/tests/files/5-cuffquant.cxb
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56G masterfile_dup_amplicon_names.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56G masterfile_lowercase_bases.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56GSID.gatk.finalvars.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56GSID.gatkHC.finalvars.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56GSID.lf.finalvars.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56GSID_10k.gatkHC.vcf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56GSID_10k.gatkHC4.vcf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56GSID_10k.lf.vcf
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56GSID_10k.lf.vcf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56GSID_10k0.gatkHC.vcf
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56GSID_10k_ampmeancov.covd
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56GSID_10k_covMetrics.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56GSID_10k_mate1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56GSID_10k_mate2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56GSID_1k.gatkHC_snpEff_genes.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56GSID_1k.gatkHC_snpEff_summary.html
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56G_masterfile_170113.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56G_masterfile_corrupted.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56G_masterfile_test.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56gsid_10k.perTargetCov.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/56gsid_10k.targetPCRmetrics.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/5_prime_adapter.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/6-cuffquant.cxb
resolwe_bio/tests/files/AX4_mate1.fq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/AX4_mate2.fq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/CM_mate1.fq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/CM_mate2.fq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/GRCh38.p12_NCBIchr21_R1.fq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/GRCh38.p12_NCBIchr21_R2.fq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/HS chr21_ensembl.fa.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/HS chr21_short.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/HS chr21_short_ensembl.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/HS chr21_short_ensembl.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/Homo_sapiens.GRCh38.92.chr1_20k.fa.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/Homo_sapiens.GRCh38.92.chr1_20k.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/Homo_sapiens_globin_reference.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/Homo_sapiens_rRNA.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/Hs GRCh38_86 upload.gtf
resolwe_bio/tests/files/Hs GRCh38_86 upload_sorted.gtf
resolwe_bio/tests/files/PGSC upload.gff3
resolwe_bio/tests/files/PGSC upload_sorted.gff3
resolwe_bio/tests/files/SRR2124780_1 1k.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/SRR2124780_2 1k.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/SRR2141558_chr1_20k.fq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/SRR2141558_chr1_20k_SJ.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/TestPaired_S1_L001_R1_001.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/TestPaired_S1_L001_R1_001_merged.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/TestPaired_S1_L001_R2_001.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/TestPaired_S1_L001_R2_001_merged.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/TestPaired_S1_L002_R1_001.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/TestPaired_S1_L002_R2_001.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/Test_S1_L001_R1_001.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/Test_S1_L001_R1_001_merged.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/Test_S1_L002_R1_001.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/adapters.fasta
resolwe_bio/tests/files/alignment_bam_upload_bigwig.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/alignment_bam_upload_index.bai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/alignment_bam_upload_index.bam.bai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/alignment_bam_upload_stats.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/alignment_name_sorted.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/alignment_position_sorted.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/alignment_position_sorted.bam.bai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/amplicon_master_file_merged.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/amplicon_master_file_nomergebed.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/amplicon_master_file_olapfreebed.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/amplicon_primers.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/amplicon_table_output.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/amplicon_table_output_all.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/annotation dicty.gff.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/annotation dicty.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/annotation_rsem.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/atac_R1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/atac_R2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/atac_seq_prepeak_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/atac_seq_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bad.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bamplot.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bamplot.gff
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bamplot_ alignment1.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bamplot_alignment.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bbduk test reads.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bbduk_adapters.fasta
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bbduk_fw_reads.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bbduk_reads.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bbduk_rv_reads.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/box_plot.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bt2_index.tar.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bt_index.tar.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bwa_index.tar.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bwa_trim_bigwig.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bwa_trim_stats.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/chemut.vcf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/chemut_genome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/chip_seq.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/chip_seq_case.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/chip_seq_control.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/chip_seq_geneScore.xls
resolwe_bio/tests/files/chip_seq_peakscore_genomicContext
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_NCBI.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_NCBI_1.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_NCBI_2.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_ensembl_1.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_ensembl_2.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_ensembl_3.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_ensembl_4.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_ensembl_5.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_ensembl_6.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_ensembl_7.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_expressions_1.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_expressions_2.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_expressions_3.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_int1.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_int2.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_out_genes.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/clustering_out_sample.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/control_macs2.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cuffdiff.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cufflinks_transcripts.gtf
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cuffmerge_transcripts.gtf
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cuffnorm_all_fpkm_means.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cuffnorm_exp_set.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cuffnorm_expression.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cuffnorm_genes.fpkm_table
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cuffnorm_out_exp_set.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cuffquant 1.cxb
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cuffquant_2.cxb
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cuffquant_exp.tab
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cuffquant_mapping.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cutadapt mate1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cutadapt mate2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cutadapt single.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cutadapt_3prime_single_trimmed.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cutadapt_custom_paired_forward_trimmed.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cutadapt_custom_paired_reverse_trimmed.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cutadapt_custom_single_trimmed.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cutadapt_paired_forward_trimmed.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cutadapt_paired_reverse_trimmed.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cutadapt_single1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/cutadapt_single_trimmed.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/dbsnp_138.b37.chr2_small.vcf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/de_file_cuffdiff.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/demultiplexed_reads_fw.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/demultiplexed_reads_rw.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/deseq2.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/deseq2_count_matrix.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/deseq2_exp1.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/deseq2_exp2.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/diffexp_edgeR.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/dm6_header.sam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/edgeR.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/empty.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/empty.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/etc.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/etc_upload_input.xls
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp 4_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp1_cpm_ercc_sirv.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp2_cpm_ercc_sirv.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp3_cpm_ercc_sirv.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp4_cpm_ercc_sirv.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp_1.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp_1_norm.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp_1_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp_1_tpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp_2_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp_2_tpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp_3_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp_4_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp_5_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp_mac_line_ending.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp_matrix.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp_unix_line_ending.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/exp_windows_line_ending.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/expression_bcm_rpkm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/expression_htseq.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/feature counts_detect_strandedness.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/feature_counts hs_paired.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/feature_counts_rc_paired.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/feature_counts_rc_paired_wo_adapter_trim.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/feature_counts_rc_single.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/features.tab
resolwe_bio/tests/files/features_gsea.tab.zip
resolwe_bio/tests/files/features_update.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/filtered_reads_trimmomatic_paired_fw.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/filtered_reads_trimmomatic_paired_rw.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/filtered_reads_trimmomatic_single.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/fw reads.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/fw reads_2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/gaf_dicty_cropped.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/gaf_mgi_cropped.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/garbage.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/garbage2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/gene_cluster_data.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/gene_cluster_filtered.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/geneset.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/geneset.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/geneset_2.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/geneset_2.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/geneset_3.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/geneset_3.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/geneset_cuffdiff_all.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/geneset_deseq2_up.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/geneset_edgeR_up.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/geneset_out.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/geneset_venn.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/geneset_venn.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/genome.fasta.fai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/genome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/genome_rsem.fa.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/gff_to_gtf_annotation.gtf
resolwe_bio/tests/files/go_enriched_terms_dicty.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/go_enriched_terms_mouse.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/go_genesets.mgi.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/good.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/good.bed.gz.tbi
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hg19_chr20_small.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hg19_encode_blacklist_chr22.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hisat2_index.tar.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hisat2_paired_ncbi_bigwig.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hisat2_paired_ucsc_bigwig.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs annotation.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs cdna.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs genome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs sim_reads1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs sim_reads2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs sim_reads_single.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs_b37_chr2_small.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs_gatk_alignment_summary_metrics.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs_gatk_insert_size_metrics.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs_gatk_wgs_metrics.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs_paired_R1 workflow_bbduk_star_htseq.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs_paired_R2 workflow_bbduk_star_htseq.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs_single bbduk_star_htseq_reads_single.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs_slamseq_R1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs_slamseq_R1_complemented.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hs_slamseq_R2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/htseq_cpm_exp_set.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hybrid.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hybrid_dm6.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hybrid_dm6.bam.bai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hybrid_dm6.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hybrid_mm10.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hybrid_mm10.bam.bai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/hybrid_mm10.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/igv_human.lf.vcf
resolwe_bio/tests/files/igv_human.lf.vcf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/log_box_plot.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs14_case.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs14_chr22.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs14_control.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs14_peaks.bb
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs14_peaks.bed.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs14_peaks.gz.tbi
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs14_summits.gz.tbi
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs14_treat.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/mappings.tab.zip
resolwe_bio/tests/files/mappings_gsea.tab.zip
resolwe_bio/tests/files/mappings_update.tab
resolwe_bio/tests/files/markdup_stats.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/matabolic pathway.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/mate1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/mate1_diff_num_reads.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/mate1_reordered.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/mate2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/mate2_diff_num_reads.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/mate2_reordered.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/merged_etc.tab
resolwe_bio/tests/files/merged_etc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/merged_expset_all.tab
resolwe_bio/tests/files/merged_expset_subset.tab
resolwe_bio/tests/files/merged_single_end_reads.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/mirna_featurecounts_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/mirna_featurecounts_tpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/missing_qual.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/mm10_chr17_44M-45M.fa.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/mm10_header.sam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/mm_ncbi_exp.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/mm_ncbi_exp_set.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/my.strange.genome name$.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/nanostring_lane_attr.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/nanostring_qc.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/nanostring_qc_2.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/old_encoding.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/old_encoding1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/old_encoding1_R2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/old_encoding1_transformed.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/old_encoding1_transformed_R2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/old_encoding_R2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/old_encoding_transformed.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/old_encoding_transformed_R2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/ontology_dicty_cropped.obo.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/ontology_mus_cropped.obo.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/paired_end_merged_lanes_mate1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/paired_end_merged_lanes_mate2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/pca_exp_noname1.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/pca_exp_noname2.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/pca_plot.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/pca_plot2.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/pca_plot_ncbi.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/pca_plot_single_sample.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/peaks.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/picard.perTargetCov.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/pool24.2.tsv
resolwe_bio/tests/files/pool24.read1.small.qseq.bz2
resolwe_bio/tests/files/pool24.read2.small.qseq.bz2
resolwe_bio/tests/files/pool24.read3.small.qseq.bz2
resolwe_bio/tests/files/pool24.tsv
resolwe_bio/tests/files/postpeak_qc_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/prepare_geo_ChIP-Seq_macs14.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/prepare_geo_ChIP-Seq_macs2.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/prepare_geo_RNA-Seq.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/prepeak_pe.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/prepeak_pe_qc_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/prepeak_pe_qc_report_tn5.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/prepeak_pe_tn5.tagAlign.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/prepeak_se.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/prepeak_se_qc_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/promoters_chr21_subregion.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/promoters_mm10_chr17_subregion.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/purpureum_mappability_50.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/rRNA forw.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/rRNA_forw.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/rRNA_forw_single.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/rRNA_rew.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/raw_cuffdiff.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/reads rsem.fq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/reads rsem2.fq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/reads-map-to-nowhere.fastq
resolwe_bio/tests/files/reads.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/reads.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/reads_cpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/reads_fpkm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/reads_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/reads_tpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/regtools.bed.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/regtools_SJ.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/regtools_SJ_from_bam.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/regtools_from_bam.bed.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/regtools_novel_SJ.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/regtools_novel_SJ_from_bam.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/rose2_enhancer_table.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/rsem_genes_paired.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/rsem_genes_single.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/rsem_isoforms_paired.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/rsem_isoforms_single.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/rsem_paired_exp_set.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/rsem_paired_exp_set.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/rw reads.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/rw reads_2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/s_1.tsv
resolwe_bio/tests/files/s_1_1.qseq.small.txt.bz2
resolwe_bio/tests/files/s_1_2.qseq.small.txt.bz2
resolwe_bio/tests/files/s_1_3.qseq.small.txt.bz2
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_cds.fa.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/sample_cluster_data.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/samtools_idxstats_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/seqtk_subsampled_reads_paired_end_mate1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/seqtk_subsampled_reads_paired_end_mate2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/seqtk_subsampled_reads_single_end.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/sp_test.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/sp_test.gtf
resolwe_bio/tests/files/subread_index.tar.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_etc.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/upload_exp_norm_set.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/variant_calling_filtered_variants.vcf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/variant_calling_filtering.vcf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/venn.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/walt_index.tar.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_bbduk_star test.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_bbduk_star_fc_quant_paired_cpm.tab.g
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_bbduk_star_fc_quant_paired_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_bbduk_star_fc_quant_single_cpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_bbduk_star_fc_quant_single_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_bbduk_star_htseq_paired_cpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_bbduk_star_htseq_paired_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_bbduk_star_htseq_single_cpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_bbduk_star_htseq_single_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_ccshp.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_ccshs.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_ccsrp.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_ccsrs.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_cutadapt_star_fc_quant_single_cpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_cutadapt_star_fc_quant_single_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_rnaseq_paired_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_rnaseq_single_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/annotation_bedpe/input/alk.bedpe
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bamclipper/input/TP53.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bamclipper/input/TP53.bedpe
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bamclipper/output/TP53.primerclipped.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bamclipper/output/TP53.primerclipped.bam.bai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bamclipper/output/TP53.primerclipped.bam_stats.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bamclipper/output/TP53.primerclipped.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bqsr/input/TP53.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bqsr/input/dbsnp_STK11.vcf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bqsr/input/dbsnp_TP53.vcf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bqsr/input/hs_b37_chr17_upto_TP53.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bqsr/output/TP53.primerclipped.markduplicates.bai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bqsr/output/TP53.primerclipped.markduplicates.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bqsr/output/TP53.primerclipped.markduplicates.bam_stats.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bqsr/output/TP53.primerclipped.markduplicates.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bqsr/output/TP53.primerclipped.markduplicates_RG.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bqsr/output/TP53.primerclipped.markduplicates_RG.bam.bai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/bqsr/output/TP53.primerclipped.markduplicates_recalibration.table
resolwe_bio/tests/files/chipqc/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/chipqc/input/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/chipqc/input/SRR5675973_chr17_peaks.xls
resolwe_bio/tests/files/chipqc/input/SRR5675976_chr17.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/chipqc/input/macs14_case_duplicated.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/chipqc/input/macs14_peaks.bed.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/chipqc/input/postpeak_qc_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/chipqc/output/PeakProfile_mqc.png
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/input/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/input/Homo_sapiens_globin_reference.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/input/Homo_sapiens_rRNA.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/input/corall_mate1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/input/corall_mate2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/input/corall_paired.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/input/corall_single.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/input/corall_single.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/input/hs_annotation_chr2_1_45000.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/input/hs_genome_chr2_1_45000.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/output/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/output/corall_workfow_expression_paired.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/output/corall_workfow_expression_single.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/output/dedup_paired_stats.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/output/dedup_single_stats.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/output/mate1_trimmed.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/output/mate2_trimmed.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/output/single_trimmed.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/output/stringtie_exp_set.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/output/stringtie_tpm.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/corall/output/stringtie_transcripts.ctab
resolwe_bio/tests/files/diff_exp/input/deseq2_bad_output.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/diff_exp/input/deseq2_output.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/diff_exp/input/diff_exp_check_geneid_type.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/diff_exp/output/deseq2_volcano_plot.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/diff_exp/output/diff_exp_check_types.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/find_similar/outputs/similar_genes.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/find_similar/outputs/similar_genes_pearson.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/haplotypecaller/input/56G_masterfile_test_merged_targets_5col.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/import-sra/output/SRR1661332.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/import-sra/output/SRR1661333.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/import-sra/output/SRR2124780.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/import-sra/output/SRR2124781.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs2/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs2/input/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs2/input/SRR5675973_chr17.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs2/input/SRR5675974_chr17.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs2/input/SRR5675975_chr17.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs2/input/SRR5675976_chr17.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs2/input/paired_end_discodeum.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs2/input/promoter_regions.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs2/output/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs2/output/batch_case_postpeak_qc_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs2/output/batch_case_prepeak_qc.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs2/output/case_prepeak_qc.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs2/output/control_prepeak_qc.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs2/output/postpeak_qc_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/macs2/output/rose2_enhancer_table.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/markduplicate/output/TP53.primerclipped.markduplicates.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/markduplicate/output/TP53.primerclipped.markduplicates.bam.bai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/markduplicate/output/TP53.primerclipped.markduplicates.bam_stats.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/markduplicate/output/TP53.primerclipped.markduplicates.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/markduplicate/output/TP53.primerclipped_metrics.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/merge-fastq/output/fw_reads_merged.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/merge-fastq/output/reads_merged.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/merge-fastq/output/rw_reads_merged.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/metadata_upload/inputs/empty.tsv
resolwe_bio/tests/files/metadata_upload/inputs/iris_legacy.TAB
resolwe_bio/tests/files/metadata_upload/inputs/malformed.tsv
resolwe_bio/tests/files/metadata_upload/inputs/sample_metatable.tsv
resolwe_bio/tests/files/metadata_upload/inputs/sample_metatable.xlsx
resolwe_bio/tests/files/nucl_seq/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/nucl_seq/input/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/nucl_seq/input/empty.fasta
resolwe_bio/tests/files/nucl_seq/input/genome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/nucl_seq/input/incomplete.fasta
resolwe_bio/tests/files/nucl_seq/input/malformed.fasta
resolwe_bio/tests/files/nucl_seq/output/genome.dict
resolwe_bio/tests/files/nucl_seq/output/genome.fasta
resolwe_bio/tests/files/nucl_seq/output/genome.fasta.fai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/nucl_seq/output/genome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/proteomics/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/proteomics/input/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/proteomics/input/sample_set.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/proteomics/input/single_sample.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/proteomics/output/sample_set.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/proteomics/output/single_sample.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/qorts/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/qorts/input/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/qorts/input/hs annotation.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/qorts/input/hs paired.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/qorts/input/salmon_cds.fa.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_quant/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_quant/input/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_quant/input/hs annotation.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_quant/input/hs cdna.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_quant/input/hs sim_reads_single.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_quant/output/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_quant/output/salmon_counts.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_quant/output/salmon_quant_tpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_quant/output/salmon_transcripts_tpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_workflow/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_workflow/input/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_workflow/input/Homo_sapiens_globin_reference.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_workflow/input/Homo_sapiens_rRNA.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_workflow/input/hs annotation.gtf
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_workflow/input/hs annotation.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_workflow/input/hs cdna.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_workflow/input/hs genome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_workflow/input/hs sim_reads1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_workflow/input/hs sim_reads2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_workflow/input/hs sim_reads_single.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_workflow/output/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_workflow/output/paired_end_exp.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/salmon_workflow/output/single_end_exp.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/SM18_ss.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/SM31_library.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/SM31_ss.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/sample-1.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/sample-10.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/sample-11.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/sample-12.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/sample-2.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/sample-3.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/sample-4.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/sample-5.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/sample-6.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/sample-7.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/sample-8.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/sample-9.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/input/template_doDE_inputs.xlsx
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/output/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/output/SM18_ss_count_matrix.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/output/SM18_ss_json.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/output/SM18_ss_mapped_species.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/output/SM31_ss_json.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/output/SM31_ss_trimmed_trimmed_count_matrix.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/output/SM31_ss_trimmed_trimmed_mapped_species.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/output/beneficial_counts.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/output/class_results.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/output/deseq_results.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/output/deseq_reuslts.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/shrna_diffexp/output/lethal_counts.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/input/hs_transcript.bed
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/input/hs_transcript.fasta
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/output/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/output/collapsed_tcount.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/output/hs_alleyoop_SNPeval.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/output/hs_alleyoop_mutationrates.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/output/hs_alleyoop_overallrates.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/output/hs_alleyoop_summary.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/output/hs_slamseq_slamdunk_mapped_filtered.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/output/hs_slamseq_slamdunk_mapped_filtered.bam.bai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/output/hs_slamseq_snp.vcf
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/output/hs_slamseq_tcount.tsv
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/output/hs_slamseq_tcount_collapsed.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/output/tcount_exp_set.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/slamseq/output/tcount_exp_tpm.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_alignmentsieve/output/filtered_max_149.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_alignmentsieve/output/filtered_max_149.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_alignmentsieve/output/filtered_min_150.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_alignmentsieve/output/filtered_min_150.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bam_processing/reads.SInorm.bigwig
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bam_processing/reads.bedpe
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie/input/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie/input/g.en ome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie/output/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie/output/bowtie_index.tar.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie/output/bowtie_paired_reads_report.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie/output/bowtie_single_reads_report.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie/output/bowtie_use_SE_report.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie/output/genome.fasta
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie/output/genome.fasta.fai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie/output/genome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie2/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie2/input/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie2/input/g.en ome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie2/output/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie2/output/bowtie2_index.tar.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie2/output/bowtie2_no_overlap_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie2/output/bowtie2_no_unal_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie2/output/bowtie2_paired_end_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie2/output/bowtie2_reads_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie2/output/bowtie2_use_SE_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie2/output/genome.fasta
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie2/output/genome.fasta.fai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bowtie2/output/genome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/input/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/input/g.en ome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/output/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/output/bwa_bt_paired_reads_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/output/bwa_bt_reads_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/output/bwa_index.tar.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/output/bwa_mem_paired_reads_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/output/bwa_mem_reads_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/output/bwa_mem_unmapped_reads.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/output/bwa_sw_paired_reads_mapped.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/output/bwa_sw_paired_reads_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/output/bwa_sw_reads_mapped.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/output/bwa_sw_reads_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/output/genome.fasta
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/output/genome.fasta.fai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_bwa/output/genome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_etc_clustering/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_etc_clustering/inputs/discoideum_12h.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_etc_clustering/inputs/discoideum_12h_2.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_etc_clustering/inputs/discoideum_4h.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_etc_clustering/inputs/discoideum_4h_2.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_etc_clustering/inputs/discoideum_4h_2_partial_match.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_etc_clustering/inputs/discoideum_8h.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_etc_clustering/inputs/discoideum_8h_2.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_etc_clustering/inputs/discoideum_constant_8h.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_etc_clustering/inputs/discoideum_different_genes.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_etc_clustering/outputs/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_etc_clustering/outputs/clustering.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_etc_clustering/outputs/clustering_genes.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/inputs/annotation_rsem.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/inputs/cuffquant_mapping.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/inputs/feature_counts hs.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/inputs/feature_counts hs_paired.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/inputs/hg19_chr20_small_modified.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/inputs/reads.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/inputs/salmon_cds.fa.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/outputs/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/outputs/auto_detect_strand_tpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/outputs/expression_fc_rpkum.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/outputs/feature_counts_exp_set.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/outputs/feature_counts_out_cpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/outputs/feature_counts_out_exp_set.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/outputs/feature_counts_out_gff3_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/outputs/feature_counts_out_gff3_tpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/outputs/feature_counts_out_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/outputs/feature_counts_out_tpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/outputs/feature_counts_out_ucsc_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_featurecounts/outputs/feature_counts_out_ucsc_tpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/input/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/input/GRCh38.p12_NCBIchr21_9M.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/input/g.enome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/input/hg38_chr21_9M.fa.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/input/reads-map-to-nowhere.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/output/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/output/genome.fasta
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/output/genome.fasta.fai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/output/genome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/output/hisat2_index.tar.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/output/hisat2_paired_bigwig.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/output/hisat2_paired_ncbi_bigwig.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/output/hisat2_paired_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/output/hisat2_paired_ucsc_bigwig.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/output/hisat2_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/output/hisat2_unmapped.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/output/hisat2_unmapped_1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_hisat2/output/hisat2_unmapped_2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/inputs/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/inputs/annotation dicty.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/inputs/annotation hs.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/inputs/hs_paired.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/inputs/htseq_raw_cpm_exp_set.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/inputs/reads.bam
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/outputs/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/outputs/expression_htseq.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/outputs/htseq_count_exp_set.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/outputs/htseq_count_out_exp_set.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/outputs/htseq_raw_cpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/outputs/htseq_raw_cpm_exp_set.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/outputs/htseq_raw_paired_cpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/outputs/htseq_raw_paired_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/outputs/htseq_raw_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/outputs/reads_rc.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_htseq_count/outputs/reads_tpm.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_nanostring_deseq2/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_nanostring_deseq2/inputs/exp_1_norm.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_nanostring_deseq2/inputs/exp_2_norm.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_nanostring_deseq2/inputs/exp_3_norm.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_nanostring_deseq2/inputs/exp_4_norm.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_nanostring_deseq2/outputs/count_matrix.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_nanostring_deseq2/outputs/de_data_deseq.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_star/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_star/input/hs annotation.gtf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_star/input/hs genome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_star/input/hs_paired_R1 workflow_bbduk_star_htseq.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_star/input/hs_paired_R2 workflow_bbduk_star_htseq.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_star/input/hs_single bbduk_star_htseq_reads_single.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_star/output/bigwig_star_ens_paired.bw
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_star/output/gene_counts_star_paired.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_star/output/gene_counts_star_single.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_star/output/star_exp_set.json.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_star/output/star_expression_paired.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_star/output/star_expression_single.tab.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_star/output/star_out_exp_set.txt.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_subsample_align/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_subsample_align/input/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_subsample_align/input/g.en ome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_subsample_align/output/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_subsample_align/output/downsampled_aligned_paired_stats.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/test_subsample_align/output/downsampled_aligned_stats.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/trimgalore/inputs/illumina_universal_adapters.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/trimgalore/outputs/mate1_trimmed.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/trimgalore/outputs/mate2_trimmed.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/input/3A_WT_WGBS_chr2_17k_R1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/input/3A_WT_WGBS_chr2_17k_R2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/input/g.en ome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/input/hg19_chr2 17k.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/input/spike_in_lambda.mr.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/input/unmethylated_lambda_J02459.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/output/3A_WT_WGBS_chr2_17k.hmr.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/output/3A_WT_WGBS_chr2_17k.meth.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/output/3A_WT_WGBS_chr2_17k.mr.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/output/Escherichia_phage_bsrate.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/output/genome.fasta
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/output/genome.fasta.fai
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/output/genome.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/output/methconts_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/output/walt_index.tar.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs/output/walt_report.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs_workflow/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs_workflow/output/.DS_Store
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs_workflow/output/paired_end/3A_WT_WGBS_chr2_17k_paired.hmr.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs_workflow/output/paired_end/3A_WT_WGBS_paired_alignment_metrics.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs_workflow/output/paired_end/3A_WT_WGBS_paired_insert_size_metrics.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs_workflow/output/paired_end/3A_WT_WGBS_paired_rrbs_summary_metrics.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs_workflow/output/paired_end/3A_WT_WGBS_paired_wgs_metrics.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs_workflow/output/single_end/3A_WT_WGBS_alignment_metrics.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs_workflow/output/single_end/3A_WT_WGBS_chr2_17k_single.hmr.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs_workflow/output/single_end/3A_WT_WGBS_rrbs_summary_metrics.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgbs_workflow/output/single_end/3A_WT_WGBS_wgs_metrics.txt
resolwe_bio/tests/files/wgs_workflow/output/tp53_1fastqgz.gatkHC.vcf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_cutnrun/input/chr17_cutnrun_1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_cutnrun/input/chr17_cutnrun_2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_cutnrun/input/mm10_chr17_upto_3040800.fasta.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_cutnrun/output/normalized.bigwig
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_wes/input/TP53_1.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_wes/input/TP53_2.fastq.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/files/workflow_wes/output/tp53_1fastqgz.gatkHC.vcf.gz
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/__init__.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_alignment.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_amplicon.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_chipseq.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_clustering.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_coverage.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_demultiplex.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_diff_expression.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_enrichment.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_expression.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_expression_aggregator.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_files_to_reads.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_generate_report.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_import.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_junctions.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_pca.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_plots.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_processor.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_reads_filtering.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_scseq.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_slamdunk.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_support_processors.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_upload.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_variant_calling.py
resolwe_bio/tests/processes/test_wgbs.py
resolwe_bio/tests/unit/__init__.py
resolwe_bio/tests/unit/test_api.py
resolwe_bio/tests/unit/test_expression_filters.py
resolwe_bio/tests/unit/test_tools.py
resolwe_bio/tests/workflows/__init__.py
resolwe_bio/tests/workflows/test_amplicon.py
resolwe_bio/tests/workflows/test_atac_seq.py
resolwe_bio/tests/workflows/test_chemut.py
resolwe_bio/tests/workflows/test_cut_and_run.py
resolwe_bio/tests/workflows/test_mirna.py
resolwe_bio/tests/workflows/test_rna_seq.py
resolwe_bio/tests/workflows/test_shrna.py
resolwe_bio/tests/workflows/test_slamdunk.py
resolwe_bio/tests/workflows/test_wes.py
resolwe_bio/tests/workflows/test_wgbs.py
resolwe_bio/tests/workflows/test_wgs.py
resolwe_bio/tools/append_sample_info.py
resolwe_bio/tools/bamliquidator_table.py
resolwe_bio/tools/bamtobigwig.sh
resolwe_bio/tools/basespace_download.py
resolwe_bio/tools/bed_file_corrections_genome_browsers.py
resolwe_bio/tools/bigwig_chroms_to_ucsc.py
resolwe_bio/tools/check_bam_source.py
resolwe_bio/tools/convert_DE_excel_table.py
resolwe_bio/tools/create_expression_set.py
resolwe_bio/tools/create_gene_sets.py
resolwe_bio/tools/cufflinks_sample_groups.py
resolwe_bio/tools/cuffnorm_group_labels.py
resolwe_bio/tools/cuffnorm_output_table_headers.py
resolwe_bio/tools/demultiplex.py
resolwe_bio/tools/deseq.R
resolwe_bio/tools/detect_strandedness.sh
resolwe_bio/tools/diffexp_filtering.R
resolwe_bio/tools/etc.py
resolwe_bio/tools/expression2storage.py
resolwe_bio/tools/expression_aggregator.py
resolwe_bio/tools/expression_rpkum.py
resolwe_bio/tools/expressionmerge.py
resolwe_bio/tools/expressionmerge_archive.py
resolwe_bio/tools/extract_umi.sh
resolwe_bio/tools/fastqc.sh
resolwe_bio/tools/genehcluster.py
resolwe_bio/tools/geneset2storage.py
resolwe_bio/tools/gff3_to_gtf.py
resolwe_bio/tools/goea.py
resolwe_bio/tools/importETC.py
resolwe_bio/tools/lofreq2_indel_ovlp.py
resolwe_bio/tools/make_amplicon_table.py
resolwe_bio/tools/make_igv_session_archive.py
resolwe_bio/tools/make_multireport.py
resolwe_bio/tools/make_report.py
resolwe_bio/tools/mappability.py
resolwe_bio/tools/mapped_species_to_expression.R
resolwe_bio/tools/merge_chipqc_archive.py
resolwe_bio/tools/mergebowtie2stats.py
resolwe_bio/tools/mergebowtie2stats_paired.py
resolwe_bio/tools/mergebowtiestats.py
resolwe_bio/tools/mergeetc.py
resolwe_bio/tools/novel_splice_junctions.py
resolwe_bio/tools/parse_closest_features.R
resolwe_bio/tools/parse_cuffnorm.py
resolwe_bio/tools/parse_diffexp.py
resolwe_bio/tools/parse_encoding_type.py
resolwe_bio/tools/parse_library_type.py
resolwe_bio/tools/parse_star_expressions.py
resolwe_bio/tools/pca.py
resolwe_bio/tools/peak2geneScore.R
resolwe_bio/tools/plot_enhancers.py
resolwe_bio/tools/plotcoverage_html.py
resolwe_bio/tools/postprocess_snpeff.py
resolwe_bio/tools/run_edger.R
resolwe_bio/tools/samplehcluster.py
resolwe_bio/tools/spikein_pairwise.py
resolwe_bio/tools/spikeins_report.py
resolwe_bio/tools/star_sj_to_bed12.py
resolwe_bio/tools/tximport_summarize.R
resolwe_bio/tools/unique_sample_names.py
resolwe_bio/tools/utils.py
resolwe_bio/tools/validate_fastq.py
resolwe_bio/tools/validate_master_file.py
resolwe_bio/tools/xexpression.py
resolwe_bio/utils/__init__.py
resolwe_bio/utils/filter.py
resolwe_bio/utils/test.py
tests/.env
tests/__init__.py
tests/docker-compose.yml
tests/manage.py
tests/routers.py
tests/routing.py
tests/settings.py
tests/urls.py
tests/fixtures/collection.yaml
tests/fixtures/data.yaml
tests/test_data/.gitignore
tests/test_data/README.rst
tests/test_runtime/.gitignore
tests/test_runtime/README.rst
tests/test_upload/.gitignore
tests/test_upload/README.rst