#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asn1crypto==1.4.0
    # via
    #   oscrypto
    #   snowflake-connector-python
azure-common==1.1.25
    # via snowflake-connector-python
azure-core==1.8.2
    # via azure-storage-blob
azure-storage-blob==12.5.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
boto3==1.15.18
    # via
    #   pyathena
    #   snowflake-connector-python
botocore==1.18.18
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   pyathena
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==4.2.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   msrest
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.14.3
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   google-crc32c
    #   snowflake-connector-python
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==7.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
future==0.18.2
    # via pyathena
google-api-core[grpc]==1.24.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
google-auth==1.24.0
    # via google-api-core
google-cloud-bigquery==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-core==1.5.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.1.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==1.2.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos==1.52.0
    # via google-api-core
grpcio==1.34.0
    # via google-api-core
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
isodate==0.6.0
    # via msrest
jinja2==2.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
msrest==0.6.19
    # via azure-storage-blob
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
oscrypto==1.2.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
proto-plus==1.13.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
protobuf==3.14.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyathena==1.10.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.9.8
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pyodbc==4.0.30
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==19.1.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via botocore
pytz==2020.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via msrest
requests==2.23.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   google-api-core
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   snowflake-connector-python
rsa==4.6
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.3.3
    # via boto3
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   cryptography
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   grpcio
    #   isodate
    #   protobuf
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tenacity
snowflake-connector-python==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==6.2.0
    # via pyathena
urllib3==1.25.10
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
