Cloudera, Inc.’s Apache License, Version 2 –Supplemental Disclaimer


This Supplemental Disclaimer supplements and is incorporated into the Apache
License, Version 2.0, pursuant to which You have agreed to use this
distribution.  Any terms used in this Supplemental Disclaimer but not defined
herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the License.

As may be evidenced, at least in part, by the third party notices document
accompanying this distribution, the Work may be distributed in conjunction with
software received from third parties (“Third Party Code”).   This Third
Party Code is licensed to You directly from those third parties under the
various applicable third party licenses.

Disclaimer of Warranty.  Unless required by applicable law, Cloudera, Inc.
(“Cloudera”) provides the Third Party Code, on an "as is" or “as
available” basis, without any representations, warranties, covenants or
conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including, without
limitation, any warranties or conditions of title, non-infringement,
merchantability, or fitness or suitability for a particular purpose (whether or
not Cloudera knows, has reason to know, has been advised, or is otherwise aware
of any such purpose).  Cloudera and its suppliers do not warrant that the Third
Party Code will be free from all bugs, errors, or omissions.  You are solely
responsible for determining the appropriateness of using the Third Party Code,
and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under the
License and the third party licenses.

Limitation of liability.  In no event and under no legal theory, whether in
contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, shall Cloudera be liable to You
for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, exemplary,
punitive, or consequential damages of any character, arising out of or in
connection with this License, the Third Party Code, or related to Your use or
inability to use the Third Party Code, including but not limited to damages for
loss of profits, loss of data, loss of use, loss of revenue, loss of goodwill,
work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial
damages or losses, even if Cloudera has been advised of the possibility of such
damages.



DL
19$01$18

