                                           BRIGHT COMPUTING
                                  END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE (THIS "LICENSE" or "EULA") CAREFULLY. THIS
LICENSE GOVERNS THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENTATION. THE
SOFTWARE COVERED BY THIS LICENSE IS LICENSED ONLY TO THE OWNER OF THE EQUIPMENT
ON WHICH IT WAS ORIGINALLY INSTALLED ("CUSTOMER").

BY CLICKING THE "ACCEPT" BOX BELOW, LICENSEE IS AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE
TERMS OF THIS LICENSE.

THE SOFTWARE COVERED BY THIS LICENSE ALSO CONTAINS NON-PRODUCTION RED HAT
ENTERPRISE LINUX WHICH IS PROVIDED BY RED HAT, INC. ("RED HAT"). THE CUSTOMER IS
RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING AND MAINTAINING A SEPARATE LICENSE FROM RED HAT. BY
ACCEPTING THE LICENSE AS PROVIDED ABOVE, CUSTOMER AGREES NOT TO USE THE VERSION
OF RED HAT ENTERPRISE LINUX CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE FOR PRODUCTION PURPOSES.

1. The Software; Definitions.
(a) Bright Computing, Inc. and Bright Computing BV are defined under this License
    as "Bright Computing" or "Licensor."

(b) The Software consists of:
    (i) software governed by the GNU Public License published by the Free
    Software Foundation, Inc. ("GNU Public License Software"),
    
    (ii) software governed other open-source licenses ("Open Source Software"),

    (iii) software governed by license terms of third parties ("Third Party
          Software"), and

    (iv) "Bright Computing Software", which is all software provided by Bright
         Computing to Licensee that is not GNU Public License Software, Other
         Open Source Software or Third Party Software.

(c) "Documentation" means all documents, made available by Licensor to Licensee
     pertaining to the Software, including all amendments or updates thereto
     made or provided by or on behalf of Licensor.

2. License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this License,
Bright Computing hereby grants to Licensee a single, nontransferable,
nonsublicenseable, nonexclusive license during the Term of this EULA to use the
Bright Computing Software and Third-Party Software and the Documentation solely
for Licensee's internal business purposes, including the provision of data
processing service to others in the normal course of Licensee's
business. Licensee may use the Software only on the equipment upon which the
Software was first installed (except for Subscription Licenses, which explicitly
provides for the transfer of the Subscription License between equipment). No
license to use the Bright Computing Software or Third-Party Software in source
code form is granted, and Licensee may use the Bright Computing Software and
ThirdParty Software only in binary form. No license to the Bright Computing
Software or Third-Party Software is granted to Licensee except that expressly
set forth in this License.


3. Ownership and Rights.

(a) Retention of Rights. THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED, NOT SOLD. Except for the
limited rights specifically granted to Licensee under this EULA, this EULA does
not constitute, and shall not be deemed to constitute, a transfer, assignment or
any other form of alienation by Licensor of any of Licensor's rights, title, and
interests, either in whole or in part, in the Software or in any intellectual
property included in the Software, including without limitation ownership and
title. Licensor retains all rights not specifically granted to Licensee under
this EULA.

(b) GNU Public License Software and Open Source Software.  With the limited
exception of components contributed by Bright Computing that are incorporated in
the GNU Public License Software and the Open Source Software, Bright Computing
does not grant any rights with respect to the GNU Public License Software or the
Open Source Software. Licensee's rights with respect to the GNU Public License
Software are limited to the rights granted, and will be subject to the
conditions and limitations imposed, under those versions of the GNU Public
License Software designated applicable by respective copyright owners of the GNU
Public License Software, and additional copies are available from Bright
Computing upon request. Licensee's rights with respect to the Open Source
Software will be limited to the rights granted, and will be subject to the
conditions and limitations imposed under, the respective Open Source Software
licenses.

4. License
Disclaimer. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that:

(a) Bright Computing cannot and has not verified that the GNU Public License
Software and Open Source Software have validly been made available, by third
parties having the right to do so, under the terms of the GNU Public license or
Open Source Software licenses, as applicable;

(b) Bright Computing cannot and does not warrant or promise, and cannot ensure
that the GNU Public License or applicable Open Source Software licenses
effectively grant Licensee the rights necessary for Licensee to use the GNU
Public License Software or Open Source Software as contemplated or required by
Licensee; and

(c) Bright Computing cannot and does not warrant or promise, and cannot ensure
that the GNU Public License or applicable Open Source Software licenses, or
Licensee's access and use of the GNU Public License Software or Open Source
Software, will continue or remain in effect for any particular period of time,
including but not limited to the term of this License.

5. Licensee Assumption of Risk. Licensee assumes all risk arising out of or
relating to each of the following:

(a) any claim that any GNU Public License Software or Open Source Software, or
Licensee's use thereof, infringes or violates any rights of any third party;

(b) any judicial, administrative or other interpretation, enforcement or
invalidation of the GNU Public License Software or any Open Source Software
licenses;

(c) any partial or complete termination or cancellation of any rights granted or
derived from the GNU Public License or any Open Source Software licenses; and

(d) any resulting denial or termination of access to, or use of, any GNU Public
License Software or Open Source Software.


6. Copy Restrictions. Licensee will not copy the Bright Computing Software or
Third-Party Software, or any on-line or hard copy form of any Documentation for
the Bright Computing Software or Third-Party Software, except that Licensee may
make and maintain one (1) current copy of the Bright Computing Software and
Third-Party Software in machinereadable form and related documentation for
back-up and archival purposes only. Licensee will reproduce in such archival
copy all proprietary and restrictive notices set forth in such Software and
Documentation.

7. Restrictions. Licensee shall not do or allow to be done, either directly or
indirectly, any of the following:

(a) Reverse Engineer. Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise
reduce the Software to a humanreadable form (e.g., source code).

(b) Modify. Modify, adapt or translate the Software.

(c) Publish. Publish or otherwise disclose the Software for others to copy.

(d) Transfer. Sell, assign, sublicense, rent, lease, lend, subcontract, delegate
or otherwise transfer, either in whole or in part, the Software, this EULA, any
software key issued by Licensor to Licensee, or any right or obligation of
Licensee under this EULA.

(e) Transmit or Avoid. Electronically transmit the Software from one computer to
another or over a network, or use the Software in connection with any hardware
or software that reduces the number of computers or users that directly access
or use the Software, in any manner that would avoid any limitation or
restriction in this EULA. .

(f) Markings. Alter, remove or obscure any marking or notice, if any, of
Licensor's intellectual property rights included in or on the Software or
Documentation.

8. Prohibited Uses. Licensee acknowledges that the Software is not designed,
recommended or licensed for use in or in connection with any of the following
("Critical Applications"): on-line control equipment in hazardous environments,
such as operation of nuclear facilities or aircraft navigation, communication or
control; life-support systems or procedures; medical diagnostic applications;
surgical or other intrusive procedures or otherwise to implement medical
procedures or sustain life; or any other applications where product failure
could lead to injury to persons or loss of life or catastrophic property
damage. ACCORDINGLY, SHOULD YOU DECIDE TO USE THIS SOFTWARE FOR ANY CRITICAL
APPLICATION BRIGHT COMPUTING DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THE
USE OF THE SOFTWARE IN ANY CRITICAL APPLICATION, IF YOU USE THE SOFTWARE IN A
CRITICAL APPLICATION, YOU, AND NOT BRIGHT COMPUTING, ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY
FOR SUCH USE. Further you shall indemnify and hold Bright Computing harmless
from any and all damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including reasonable
attorneys' fees and amounts paid in settlement of third party or government
claims, incurred by Bright Computing as a result of or in any way arising from
or relating to the use of the Software in a Critical Application.


9. Software Patents. Parts of the Bright Computing Software and Third-Party
Software may have been patented or copyrighted by Bright Computing or a
third-party provider. Patent or copyright notices have been included in the
Bright Computing Software and Third-Party Software for protective purposes, and
such notices will not be construed as causing publication of such Software. The
Bright Computing Software and Third-Party Software are confidential and Licensee
will treat such Software as the confidential information and property of the
respective owners. Licensee will not use any such confidential information
during the term of this License or thereafter for any purpose other than as
permitted or required hereunder. Licensee will not disclose or make available to
any third party any Bright Computing Software, Third-Party Software or
Documentation, in any form, except to its employees, users and contractors for
purposes specifically related to Licensee's use of the Bright Computing Software
and Third-Party Software in accordance with this License. Licensee will take all
necessary measures to prevent any such disclosure by its employees, agents,
contractors or consultants that have access to such confidential information for
such purposes.


10. Limited Warranty. Bright Computing's sole warranty with respect to the
Software shall be that (i) the Bright Computing Software, when delivered, and
for a period of ninety (90) days thereafter, will perform in all material
respects in accordance with Bright Computing's then current specifications or
Documentation, and (ii) that Bright Computing will use reasonable efforts, in
accordance with standard software industry practice, to ensure that the Bright
Computing Software, when delivered to Licensee, shall not contain a computer
"virus" or other contaminant, including codes or instructions intended to
delete, damage or disable Licensee's computer system. Bright Computing's sole
obligation under the limited warranties set forth in subsections (i) and (ii) is
to use reasonable efforts to correct or replace any non-conforming Bright
Computing Software once Bright Computing has been made aware of such
non-conformance.

11. Limitation of Warranty and Remedy. Except as otherwise expressly stated in
this License, Bright Computing does not warrant that the Software will operate
uninterrupted, be error free, conform to any reliability or performance
standards, will meet Licensee's needs or requirements or that Bright Computing
will correct all defects. Licensee is responsible for the selection of the
Software to achieve its intended results, Licensee's use of Software, and the
results obtained by Licensee with the Software.  EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY
STATED IN THIS LICENSE, ALL SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "WITHOUT WARRANTY"
OF ANY KIND. BRIGHT COMPUTING HEREBY EXPRESSLY EXCLUDES AND DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER
WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, REGARDING THE SOFTWARE,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ANY WARRANTY OR GUARANTY OF ABSENCE OF HIDDEN
DEFECTS, ANY WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTY THAT MAY ARISE BY
REASON OF CUSTOM, USAGE OF TRADE OR COURSE OF DEALING.


12. Limitation of Liability. BRIGHT COMPUTING WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR (A) ANY
LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, LOST VALUE OR LOST SALES (WHETHER SUCH PROFITS,
SAVINGS, VALUE OR SALES ARE DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OF ANY OTHER
NATURE), LOST OR CORRUPTED DATA OR SOFTWARE, LOSS OF USE OF SYSTEM(S) OR
NETWORK(S), OR THE RECOVERY OF SUCH DATA, SYSTEMS(S) OR NETWORK(S), LOSS OF
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR DOWNTIME, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR
REPUTATION, SOFTWARE NOT BEING AVAILABLE FOR USE OR THE PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE SOFTWARE OR GOODS, OR (B) ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHICH IN ANY CASE RELATE TO, ARISE OUT OF OR ARE IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS EULA UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY EVEN IF ADVISED OR AWARE
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY
SET FORTH IN THIS EULA, BRIGHT COMPUTING'S TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL
CLAIMS RELATING TO, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS EULA AND/OR THE
SOFTWARE SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT RECEIVED BY BRIGHT COMPUTING FOR THE
USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND/OR THIS LICENSE BY THE LICENSEE.  

13. Export Compliance. The Software and Documentation may be subject to US
export control laws, including the US Export Administration Act and its
associated regulations. You shall not, directly or indirectly, export, re-export
or release the Software and Documentation to, or make the Software and
Documentation accessible from, any jurisdiction or country to which export,
re-export or release is prohibited by law, rule or regulation. You shall comply
with all applicable federal laws, regulations and rules, and complete all
required undertakings (including obtaining any necessary export license or other
governmental approval), prior to exporting, re-exporting, releasing or otherwise
making the Software and Documentation available outside the US.

14. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction. THIS EULA SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF
THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES THAT MAY
DICTATE A CONTRARY RESULT. THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON CONTRACTS FOR THE
INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS AND THE UNIFORM COMPUTER INFORMATION TRANSACTIONS
ACT, AND ANY ADAPTATIONS THEREOF ADOPTED BY ANY JURISDICTION, SHALL NOT
APPLY. LICENSOR AND LICENSEE HEREBY AGREE THAT ANY ACTIONS BROUGHT BY EITHER OF
THEM UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS EULA SHALL BE SUBMITTED TO THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SEATED IN SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA, AND
LICENSOR AND LICENSEE HEREBY WAIVE ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH COURT IS AN
INCONVENIENT FORUM.

15. Licensee Responsibility and Indemnity.  (a) Responsibility. Licensee shall
have the sole and exclusive responsibility for: (i) selection of the Software to
achieve its and their intended results; (ii) the installation of the Software;
(iii) the use of the Software; (iv) the results obtained from the Software; and
(v) the selection and use of, and the results obtained from, any other software,
devices or services used with the Software. Licensee shall pay directly or
reimburse Licensor for all taxes, assessments, permits and fees which are, or
may be in Licensor's reasonable opinion, levied upon the Licensee's execution or
acceptance of this EULA or use of the Software, exclusive of any income taxes
owed by Licensor on its net income.

(b) Indemnification. Licensee shall indemnify and hold Licensor and each of its
directors, officers, employees and agents harmless from and against any and all
claims or remedies, suits, actions, liabilities and damages, whether in tort
(and whether or not arising from the negligence of licensor), in contract or
otherwise, including costs and expenses and attorney's fees incident thereto,
which may be suffered by, accrued against, charged to or recoverable from
licensor or any of its directors, officers, employees and agents relating to:
(i) Licensee's breach of this EULA; (ii) Licensor's enforcement of Licensor's
rights under this EULA; (iii) injury to or death of any person or loss or damage
to property (tangible or intangible) arising from (but not limited to) use of
the Software or Documentation, or any products or services derived therefrom;
and (iv) use of the Software in combination with other software, devices or
services apart from the normal use for which the Software was intended.

16. Limitation on Actions. No action seeking damages or other compensation,
regardless of the form of such action or the form or extent of such damages or
compensation, arising out of this EULA may be brought more than two (2) years
after such cause of action has arisen.

17. License Term and Termination. This License takes effect as of the date the
Software is delivered to Licensee (the "Effective Date"), and remains in effect
until the first anniversary of the Effective Date.

18. Entire Agreement. This EULA constitutes the entire agreement of Licensor and
Licensee with respect to the subject matter of this EULA, superseding in all
respects any and all prior proposals, negotiations, understandings, writings,
communications and agreements, whether oral or written, between Licensor and
Licensee. If there is a conflict between this EULA and any exhibit or appendix
attached hereto, such exhibit or appendix shall prevail. If there is a conflict
between this EULA and any license agreement imbedded in the Software or any
click-through license agreement entered into by Licensee in connection with the
download or installation of the Software, this EULA shall prevail. Any purchase
order or order form used by Licensee in connection with its purchase of the
Software and/or this License will be considered to have its pre-printed clauses
and statements deleted and such terms are expressly rejected by Bright
Computing. Any waivers or amendments, to be effective, must be in writing,
signed by both parties. Any translation of this License is done for local
requirements and in the event of a dispute between the English and non-English
versions, the English version of this License shall govern.

19. Severability. If any provision of this License is illegal or unenforceable
under applicable law, the remainder of the provision will be amended to achieve
as closely as possible the effect of the original provision, and all other
provisions of this License will continue in full force and effect.

20. No Assignment. Licensee may not assign or transfer its interests, rights or
obligations under this EULA, in whole or in part, whether voluntarily, by
contract, or by merger (whether that party is the surviving or disappearing
entity), stock or asset sale, consolidation, dissolution, through government
action or order, or otherwise.

21. Reseller. If Licensee acquired the Software through a Reseller, Licensee
acknowledges that (i) payment and delivery terms for the Software have been
established separately and independently between Licensee and Reseller (ii) this
EULA constitutes the entire and only agreement between Licensee and Bright
Computing as to the subject matter described above and is controlling between
Licensee and Bright Computing; (iii) the terms and conditions of any purchase
order or any other agreement between Licensee and Reseller are not binding on
Bright Computing; (iv) Reseller is not authorized to alter, amend or modify the
terms of this EULA or to otherwise grant any license or other rights relating in
any way to the Software; and (v) Licensee's nonpayment of any amount due to
Reseller relating to its license rights under this EULA shall constitute a basis
for Bright Computing's termination of this EULA.  Licensee further acknowledges
that Bright Computing makes no representation or warranty with regard to any
services provided by Reseller, or any actions or failures to act by Reseller
